ADR-80: CEE diagnostic gathering mechanism (#17)
bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/architecture: _adr/80/index.adoc

---
num: 80
title: "CEE diagnostic gathering mechanism"
status: "Draft"
authors:
  - "Keith Wall""
---

## Context and Problem Statement

> In order to proviide support to customers of a Managed Service, CEE require a mechansim that allows them to capture the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide support to customers of a Managed Service, CEE require a mechanism that allows them to capture the
```

state of the instance of the service for diagnostic purposes.  CEE will use this information in conjunction with the
problem statement provided by the customer in order to efficiently investigate the problem and determine a solution.

The data gathering mechanism must consider the issue of Personal Information (PI) or other sensitive information and ensure

> that is its handled appropiately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that it is handled appropriately.
```
